feat(go): Modify docs to follow logger API changes (#14260)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/go/guides/logrus/index.mdx

}
```

### LogHook

> You have two ways to create a new `LogHook`. Either by using `sentrylogrus.NewLogHook()` and passing the `sentry.ClientOptions` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have two ways to create a new `LogHook`. Either by using `sentrylogrus.NewLogHook()` and passing the `sentry.ClientOptions`, or
```

by using `sentrylogrus.NewLogHookFromClient()` and passing an already created `sentry.Client`. These hook captures log entries and
send them to Sentry's structured logging system.

#### NewLogHook
```go
logHook, err := sentrylogrus.NewLogHook(
    []logrus.Level{logrus.InfoLevel, logrus.WarnLevel},
    sentry.ClientOptions{
        Dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
        EnableLogs: true, // Required for log entries
    },
)
```

#### NewLogHookFromClient

Use `NewLogHookFromClient` if you've already initialized the Sentry SDK.
```go
if err := sentry.Init(sentry.ClientOptions{
    Dsn:        "https://examplePublicKey@o0.ingest.sentry.io/0",
    EnableLogs: true,
}); err != nil {
    log.Fatalf("Sentry initialization failed: %v", err)
}
hub := sentry.CurrentHub()
logHook := sentrylogrus.NewLogHookFromClient(
    []logrus.Level{logrus.InfoLevel, logrus.WarnLevel},
    hub.Client(),
)
```

### EventHook

> You also have two ways to create a new `EventHook`. Either by using `sentrylogrus.NewEventHook()` and passing the `sentry.ClientOptions` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also have two ways to create a new `EventHook`. Either use `sentrylogrus.NewEventHook()` and passing the `sentry.ClientOptions`, or
```
